Previously on Homeland...
I'd like you to meet my head
of security, Carrie Mathison.
We are going to Lebanon.
Us?
You, me,
some additional security.
Additional security is what
we
take to conferences in
Geneva.
This is a war zone.
What do you want?
Otto During is planning a visit
later this week.
He can't go there safely
without your invitation.
Only the council can invite him.
CARRIE
This is really getting
old-- the CIA saying
I'm a traitor, you saying
I'm still working for the CIA.
I don't want to
be
in that world.
I want to be here
with you and Franny.
What?
He's attacking us.
Who
is?
What the fuck?
What?
He's in.
Shut it down. Shut it down!
Shut it down!
Holy shit, it's the CIA.
SAUL:
1,361 files?
Want to tell me how
our
classified network
got within a thousand
miles
of the goddamn Internet?
I got an e-mail
today from a hacker.
It describes a completely
illegal arrangement
between German
and American intelligence.
Germany's doing an end run
around its privacy laws
by having the U.S. do
the spying for them.
SAUL:
I want to be
sure
you understand--
you'll get no support.
You'll be out
of the agency.
All you get is that key,
your next target in
the
box and operating
money
waiting there when you
bring back proof of death.
(phone buzzing)
Hello.
AL-AMIN: The council
invites Otto During
to visit General Alladia Camp
as our honored guest.
(click)
(woman speaking German)
CARRIE: Christ, I really thought
I left all this behind.
MALE REPORTER: The Islamic State
ISIS proclaimed itself
to be a worldwide caliphate
with authority over...
...redraw the
map
in the Middle East.
FEMALE REPORTER:
The soldiers are hackers,
the battlefield is online,
and it's not a matter of...
Edward Snowden is a coward.
...extremely disappointed
that the Russian government
would take this step.
LAURA: It's against the law,
it's against the fucking
law.
CARRIE: All that suffering,
and nothing changes.
CROCKER:
Is our strategy working?
(woman speaking German)
(man speaking foreign language)
SAUL:
I actually convinced myself
we were gonna change the world.
QUINN:
Carrie will never be free.
CARRIE: Spend my life on
the run, give up my
daughter?
JONAS: I don't know how
you live with yourself.
AL-AMIN:
I will fight you forever.
CARRIE:
Who's after me?
JONAS: So many people,
so much blood on your hands.
(crowd chatter, baby crying)
Looks like
it's already started.
(indistinct chatter,
dog barking)
(horn honks)
Here we are,
ladies and gents.
The General Alladia Camp.
(speaking native
language)
During Foundation,
here to see Colonel Haugen.
They're all clear.
Send 'em through.
Okay.
Park over there.
(gate squeaks open)
(gate squeaks shut)
(crowd chatter)
(excited chatter)
(crowd chatter continues)
What about the other
meeting-- Hezbollah?
They contact me.
How wasn't specified.
I assume they know I'm here.
Oh, yeah.
Carrie?
He's ready.
Colonel
Haugen?
Philipp Becker.
I handle foreign aid
for Otto During.
This is Carrie Mathison,
his head of security,
and Mike Brown,
whom I think you've met.
Last year with Angelina.
And, Ms. Mathison,
we spoke on the phone.
Good to meet you
in person, Colonel.
All right. Come in.
(sighs)
You saw on the road,
things are changing fast.
How many people
are you getting a day?
More all the time.
Yesterday, it was
a
thousand, so this is not
the best time for a visit.
The flow of refugees
is
only going to increase, sir.
You'll need resources, and Mr.
During will ensure you get them.
Yeah, and I'm
grateful,
but why does he need
all the journalists,
the TV crew?
To get the message out.
The Syrian war is an old story,
I'm afraid.
Yeah.
What can you tell me
about the security situation?
You mean, is it safe?
Well..
this is where we are,
and this is where you are safe.
Mr. During will need
to go farther than that,
and so will the press.
He needs to be seen in the camp,
not just in a UN compound.
Well, this is where you're safe.
(door creaks
open)
I'm in a meeting.
Will you excuse me?
HAUGEN
You want to
get
that message
out there, too?
What message?
That your foundation does deals
with Hezbollah?
A conversation is
not a deal, Colonel.
And Mr. During needs to be
able
to move freely around the
camp.
As you wish.
(door creaks
shut)
(crowd chatter)
Listen, if things
get gnarly...
It won't.
(speaks
Arabic)
You want to search us?
Yes.
(door closes)
(speaking Arabic)
I have a gun under my jacket.
Not you.
It's okay.
(man speaking Arabic on TV)
Salaam alaikum.
Alaikum salaam.
(speaking Arab)
I speak English
better than your Arabic.
The During Foundation
is grateful.
You were CIA.
I was in the CIA.
I'm a private citizen now.
I was given safe passage
by the council.
Mr. During
was invited here
by Commander Al-Amin in Berlin.
Al-Amin thinks
I can't run my own camp?
No one's saying that.
We negotiated
a substantial payment
for your help in providing
security for our visit.
What payment?
I've seen
nothing.
It was
transferred
to Al-Amin's account.
(speaking Arabic)
No. Wait.
(speaks
Arabic)
Please. Just listen to me.
I assure you
it'll be worth your time.
I just need my backpack?
What is in the backpack?
It's $40,000.
For you, Waleed,
to use as you see fit.
I know that an agreement made
by one Hezbollah commander
will be honored by another.
So we have a
deal?
Yes.
But, uh...
What?
The camp is overrun.
Every day, it gets worse.
All kind of scum
from across the border:
al-Nusra,
al-Qaeda, Daesh.
What are you saying?
Stay no more
than one hour.
Even I can't guarantee
Mr. During's safety
longer than that.
Okay. One hour.
MAN:
And dominating
our program today,
as it has
dominated
headlines across Europe,
is news of
this
shocking document
which suggests German
intelligence is
working
with the CIA to bypass
Germany's privacy
laws.
Our guest is the woman who
published the
document:
the dissident American
journalist Laura Sutton.
Welcome.
Thanks. Can I correct
one thing right away?
The document doesn't suggest
a relationship.
It absolutely proves it.
It details every aspect of
the
arrangement, even its budget.
It's quite shocking.
So you're not
surprised
that the chancellery
is scrambling to distance itself
from the affair?
LAURA:
I'm not.
But I think your
security services have a lot
to answer for, too.
Plus, I only saw
the one document.
It could just be the tip
of the iceberg.
Talk about a clusterfuck.
And there's something else.
The BND's had a team
on
Laura Sutton ever
since
she came to Berlin.
ANCHOR (on TV):
A test?
LAURA: My source wanted
to see what I would do.
How I would release
the information.
In fact, if I would
release it at all, but I hope...
When was this taken?
Same day as the penetration.
How can you be sure
it's a genuine CIA document?
Let's just say I know it is.
You think Carrie's involved?
I really can't see it,
but they do both work
for During.
ANCHOR:
Do you expect any retaliation
from the BND?
I mean,
personally?
Oh, yeah, I'm sure
they're searching
my apartment right now.
That doesn't upset
you?
Mm. Gotten used to it.
As long as they don't
let the cat out.
What cat?
Did you see a
cat?
No.
Her computer must be in here.
Did you know she had a safe?
Nobody told me.
LAURA: ...annoying people
who gets angry
whenever they see hard-won
rights being ignored or abused.
I moved here
because of the protections
Germany
guarantees
its citizens and its guests.
You have these laws
because you know
how bad it can get.
You've lived it.
You saw the surveillance
state
tear society apart,
and you said, "No more."
But it seems
your own intelligence agency
wasn't listening.
Now, I'm not a German
citizen,
but I understand
the implications
of a covert program like
this.
I wouldn't be surprised
if we found similar
operations
in other countries,
aimed at skirting
national privacy regulations.
Germany is by no means
the first country
to spy on its citizens,
but the BND was smart about it.
They outsourced the dirty
work
to the CIA.
Every paper and TV channel.
And all over the Web.
I told you
she would
do it.
Shh.
ANCHOR:
Who was the
source
of the leak?
Was it from
inside
German intelligence?
I've no idea.
All I know is
he or she took a big risk
to expose this.
I'm honored
they reached out to me,
and I will respect their trust,
whatever happens to me.
You hear that?
ANCHOR: I'm sure you took
a big risk yourself...
She's asking for the rest of it.
She also said she's got cops
in her apartment.
You send that,
it'll be intercepted,
traced back to
us.
(sighs)
She's at the TV station.
I'll take it to her.
Dude, wait, we should talk
about this.
Talk about what?
Look at her.
She's on TV.
So?
So... she's getting rich
out of this.
Why not us?
Make money out of sex, Korzy,
not information.
Information's for free.
(door shuts)
(sighs)
(indistinct chatter)
I can't do it. Fatima.
I'm sorry.
Why can't you?
I'm too scared.
i don't want to leave home.
But what is home?
The place where you tried to
kill yourself with booze and
drugs?
Isn't that true?
And who saved you from that?
You.
no, no, sweetheart, not me.
Allah saved you.
He chose you.
And when Allah chooses us for
important work,
we must submit.
That's...
the way to Paradise.
(sniffles)
(exhales)
(speaking German)
(horn honks)
LAURA:
Thought it went
really well,
so...
Yeah. Let's definitely
keep in touch.
Absolutely.
You have
all my details.
Yeah. Let me know
if you need anything.
Thank you. Bye.
Okay. Take care. Bye.
(engine revving)
(tires
screeching)
Laura Sutton, Hans Podolski,
Bundesnachrichtendienst.
You've got to be kidding.
You're under arrest.
Please come with us.
Get off of me.
What's the
charge?
Tell me,
what's
the
charge?
HANS:
Go.
(tires
screeching)
(indistinct chatter)
We good, Lothar?
We're good.
Mr. During arrived safely.
The top two floors are secured.
He'd like to see you
when you're ready.
Okay.
Uh, tell Otto I'll be right
up
after I grab a shower.
PHILIPP:
Sure thing.
Hank. Hey.
Carrie
(chuckles)
Hey.
What a surprise.
But not really.
What can I say?
It's a small
town.
Well, so much
for the discreet entry.
Got to admit,
I didn't believe it.
Believe what?
When I heard it was you.
Coming here.
Otto During?
I work
for him now.
Yeah, that's what was hard
to believe.
What do you mean?
Come on, Carrie.
It's a play,
right?
Classic Trojan horse.
(sighs
Something you and
Saul cooked up
to get you inside
the
foundation.
It's not like that, Hank.
Seriously.
Hey, whatever you say.
Listen
today at General Alladia,
you met with Hezbollah,
right?
Probably with
Waleed
himself.
With the
influx
of refugees,
how compromised is his
control
of the camp, do you think?
I told you, Hank, I'm out.
Yeah,
I'm just asking your opinion.
And I can't be perceived
to be helping the agency
in any way.
(chuckles)
You're joking.
Actually, I'm
not.
(indistinct chatter)
(jazz playing)
(door opens)
(footsteps approaching)
Carrie.
Welcome to
Beirut.
Prost.
(glasses clink)
It's good. It's local
but really quite good.
I'm surprised.
Shame I can't tempt you.
I'm nine months sober tomorrow.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
I know, I know. My party.
I would have liked to have been
consulted-- that's all.
And to have seen the guest list.
I know
these people.
I have ties here, remember?
Why else would the government
invite me?
And, yes, I'll be honest,
coming all this way, I
thought
I'd do some business, too.
Philipp says, from
his point of view,
we're all set.
Do you agree?
Hezbollah's cooperating.
But?
Well, the situation
on the ground is unpredictable,
to say the least.
Meaning what?
Meaning we've been told
to limit the time of the
visit
to one hour. No more.
One hour will be tight.
These things drag on:
introductions,
handshakes, speeches, e...
Okay. One hour.
(distant automatic gunfire)
It's probably a wedding.
Of course. A wedding.
(chuckles)
But you, you...
you're comfortable here.
Hardly.
You know the
place, though.
I guess.
Yeah, it was my first
overseas posting. 2004.
What was it like?
Well, the Syrians were throwing
their weight around.
There was a lot
of assassinations, truck bombs,
hostage-takings.
It was... kind of scary.
But let me guess,
you were not scared.
Honestly, no.
It-it was... a big adventure.
But...
I was different then.
How?
I was younger.
And I was... alone.
There wasn't anyone waiting
for me back at home.
(distant automatic gunfire)
(beep)
Ms. Sutton, sorry for the delay.
I'm an American
citizen.
You have no right to hold me.
I want my lawyer.
Did you hear me?
I heard you.
You have a loud voice.
The Foreign Residence Act:
Section 54, paragraph 5A,
relating to foreign nationals
who endanger the security
of the Federal Republic
of Germany.
I didn't endanger anything.
This is bullshit.
It's the law.
We can hold you for 18
months,
then deport you back
to the United States,
where I'm sure the FBI wants
to question you also.
I want my lawyer.
Your source
hacked
into a government database.
That's a criminal act.
Give me his name,
and you can go.
I don't know his name
or her name.
Even if I did,
I wouldn't tell you.
Journalists protect
their sources.
Are you in possession
of the rest of the documents?
You must know.
You searched my apartment.
Laura,
do you understand the situation
we're in here?
Yeah. You're in the shit
because you broke your own laws.
700 German citizens
have gone to
Syria
to fight for the Islamic State.
It's not what they're
doing
over there that scares us.
It's what happens
when they come back.
We were tracking them.
We'd made some
arrests,
prevented some plots,
but now those we arrested
must be released.
Those we were tracking,
we've lost.
They vanished.
So how will you feel
when bombs start going
off in Berlin, Paris,
Brussels.
Do you want that?
Of course not.
But you made
it
more likely.
You have legal ways
to track these people.
Legal ways...
that demand resources
we do not have.
Yet you sent five men
to arrest me today.
Five.
Wouldn't they have been
better
employed tracking these wannabe
terrorists who are supposed
to be blowing up Europe?
ASTRID: Do you want to make
a joke of this?
LAURA: You got caught
breaking the law.
You try to make
it
about something else,
like the terrorist threat,
which is what you always do.
You're not allowed to spy
on your own citizens.
It's against the law.
It's against the fucking law.
That
woman.
She'd let the country burn
as long as she
got her Pulitzer Prize.
Hmm.
What's up?
Apart from the obvious.
Had a meeting
with BND top brass,
including Herr Mohr.
He flew in from Cologne?
Chancellery's on the warpath.
No shit.
There's already talk
of a parliamentary inquiry.
They want a
scalp.
Not Astrid, I hope. She's
one of the good guys.
No.
Who, then?
Someone from our side.
Someone senior.
Who, Saul?
You've got to be kidding me.
I'm afraid not.
Giving you 24 hours
to leave the country.
I know it's not fair.
Well, what did you say?
Wasn't really
a
conversation.
Have you spoken to the director?
He's not inclined
to put up a fight.
Not inclined?
Flat-out refused.
I don't believe this.
I do not fucking believe
this.
Hey, you.
Hey, yourself.
Is Franny still awake?
Just fell asleep.
Shall I wake her?
No. No, no, that's okay.
I'll be...
I'll be home tomorrow.
Listen, I can't tell you
how much it means to me
that you're there with her,
looking after
her.
Don't be silly.
No, seriously.
I've never had that before.
Well, don't give it a second
thought. We're having fun.
How are you?
Good. Yeah. Um...
we're all set
for the big day tomorrow.
And you're being careful.
Very. I'm hiding behind a
team
of hunky
ex-special forces guys.
I like the sound of that.
Of you hiding,
not-not the special forces guys.
(chuckles)
I miss you.
Miss you, too.
(footsteps approaching)
Demet.
(speaks
German)
Hello.
Have you seen Ayla?
Uh-uh.
Well, we can't wait.
Do you have your passports?
Ja.
Gut.
Put your stuff in the van.
I've got money for you:
600 Euros,
which has to last till you
get
there.
Okay.
If we're stopped, where are you
going?
To stay with my aunt in
Istanbul.
Sehr gut.
Let's go.
Fatima.
I'm sorry, it was hard to get
away.
I'm proud of you...
Now in you go.
(speaking German)
(door opens)
(sighs)
Laura.
I'm so sorry for this.
Believe me, there'll be
repercussions.
Your client
enabled
a criminal
act.
She endangered
national
security.
We acted within the law.
JONAS: My client acted
as a responsible journalist.
The only criminal act here
was the one she exposed,
which is why the very first
judge I called
ordered her release.
You and your
bosses
will hear about this.
So will your client,
if she publishes
any more
documents.
We'll put her on a plane
back to the
States,
and all the expensive lawyers
in the world won't stop
us.
Come on, let's get out
of this shit
hole.
DURING:
This camp, Alladia, is home
to 20,000 refugees.
By the end
of next week,
it will have 30,000,
40,000, maybe more.
There isn't the food
to feed these people,
there are no
roofs
to shelter them,
there are
no doctors
and nurses
to care for them.
I promise
we will provide
all these things.
And we will make this camp
a safe place for everyone
escaping the terror of war.
But let's try to do
more than this.
Let's make Alladia not
an end but a
beginning.
A place where children
can go to school,
where young men and women
can learn a profession, a craft
or an art.
But there's no money for
this.
There's never money for this.
Until today.
Here's a check from the
During
Foundation for $10 million.
And...
and this...
this is just the start.
Because I call on my
fellow
businessmen,
on
governments,
on aid organizations,
to fulfill this promise,
so that on the day
when peace comes,
you, the people of Alladia,
can go home
and rebuild your country
with pride
and knowledge and skill.
Thank you.
Take care.
(indistinct chatter)
Thanks a lot.
Call Hamel. Get him to
bring the vehicles up.
Roger-dodger.
Guys, vehicles on standby.
DURING:
Thank you very much.
Thanks.
Yes, sir.
How was I?
I can never tell.
One hour's up.
It's time to go.
No, I need ten more minutes.
To "press the flesh"--
isn't that the expression?
Otto, it's time.
For the cameras.
Ten more minutes.
Then I'm all yours, okay?
I
promise.
It's a pleasure, thank you.
SAUL:
What about the Ukraine?
Two of our assets
in Donetsk
are
potentially
compromise
by the documents.
One requested a relocation
to Western
Europe.
The other wants asylum
in the States.
I'll get it approved.
Is the exfiltration underway?
They'll be at Ramstein
by this evening.
Good.
Astrid called.
Laura Sutton's been released.
Well, that was quick.
We're all over her, though.
Three separate watcher teams
and six cars
on drive-by.
Good.
Listen, Saul.
Not here, not
here,
not here.
Come on.
I heard what you said to Arthur
about relocating
the Donetsk
assets.
No choice. They're burned.
You know I recruited
them both.
Yes.
And their loss makes
us completely
blind
in Eastern
Ukraine,
where World War
III
could break out any day.
Well, you exaggerate,
but yes, I know.
Then you also know
I'm the best
person
to find agents
to replace them.
I have the contacts,
the
experience.
No one is disputing that.
Then dispute the decision.
Explain that we suffered
a major penetration here,
one that endangers the security
of Europe and the United States,
and I am the best
goddamn person to fix it.
I told you, my hands are
tied.
If I were Carrie Mathison, what
would you be doing right now?
Excuse me?
You heard me.
Exactly what I am doing.
Bullshit.
The gloves would be off.
You'd be protecting her
at all costs.
No matter what she did.
No matter how royally
she screwed up.
Not what I'd be do...
Well, guess what.
She's gone, Saul.
So start showing
some fucking allegiance
to the people who stuck
around
to support you.
Okay, one at a time, please.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you, thank you very much.
Of course,
of course we will come back.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Let's take this one, hmm?
Thank you.
Carrie.
Thanks a lot. Thank you.
Hamel, bring the
vehicles up. Otto,
we need to leave.
Yeah, all right.
Uh, uh, I need to go.
I really need to go.
Thank you very much.
Thanks a lot.
Please.
Look at this boy.
He's eight years old.
Not one day in
school, not ever.
We need schools as
much
as we need food, please.
DURING: I know.
I know. Uh, of course.
No,
that-that's
for sure.
Carrie.
Guy in the dark jacket.
(indistinct chatter)
Don't lose
him.
Can you explain that that's
exactly what I've promised?
(translator speaks Arabic)
(speaking Arabic)
DURING: Our first priority
is food and shelter.
We do all we can.
You, in the jacket!
Get him to cover.
Get him to cover. Go.
(speaking Arabic)
Show me your hands!
Show me your fucking hands!
Let the woman go.
Let her go.
Take him.
(people
screaming)
Into the vehicles.
Go,
go!
Go!
Go, go, go!
(indistinct clamoring)
Go, go. Move,
move.
Go.
Go!
Stay down.
CARRIE
You see that?
What the fuck?
Where is
everybody?
Stop.
I said stop!
(panting)
Hamel, no!
(grunting)
(tires
screeching)
Come on,
let's get you out of here.
I should make some calls first,
talk to the government.
Otto, we need you
on that plane right now.
You're still in danger.
Come on. Come on.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Let's go home, then, huh?
(sighs)
Not me.
What?
I'm not going.
I-I need to get a sense
of what happened here today.
We know what happened.
We stayed too long.
I
don't
think so.
What do you mean?
It was carefully
planned.
They were
gonna
hit us on our way
out of the
camp
no matter
what.
Wait a minute. You're not...
you're not thinking
of going back there, are you?
I have to find out
who's behind
this,
whether they're gonna
follow us to Berlin.
Come on, Carrie. This is...
Don't worry.
As soon as you leave,
all the attention
will leave with you.
I can move around more
easily.
Plus, I'll
have
plenty of backup.
This is not a good idea.
It's not a debate. I'm staying.
You saved my
life.
I won't forget.
(shuddering breaths)
(crying)
Oh, please,
please, God, help me.
(crying)
(exhales)
(shuddering breaths)
(speaking German)
(alarm chirps)
(engine starts)
Gray Renault van, license
Bravo-Charlie-Victor-7758.
Heading south on the 13
from Steinwald Rasthof.
Van contains one driver,
male,
three teenage
ISIL recruits, female.
(alarm chirping)
Bitte.
(silenced
gunshot)
(beeping, camera clicking)
ALLISON: I assume you've been
briefed on my situation here.
Yeah, of course.
Well, I'm calling you personally
to say it's a serious
mistake.
Don't overdramatize, Allison.
Badge of honor,
taking one for the team.
In the end,
it'll help your career.
It will also set
our intelligence operations
in Russia
and Eastern Europe back
in ways we cannot
afford right now.
I've been COS of Moscow,
Kiev and Berlin.
You know how valuable I am.
No one's doubting your value,
but the Germans want a head
on a spike,
an important
head.
So give them Saul's.
I'm sorry?
The division chief.
That's important enough
for them, isn't it?
You're suggesting
I recall Saul to Langley?
No, just stop him coming
to Berlin.
He can do his job from anywhere.
Paris, London, Vienna.
You know Saul would understand.
He always puts the agency first.
And be honest.
Who would you rather have
on the ground here,
him or me?
(door creaks)
(keys jangle)
Jesus!
(exclaims)
I won't hurt you.
What the hell
are you doing in here?
What is that?
Your money.
Al-Amin's orders.
We gave our word
to protect you.
We failed.
What happened?
Waleed betrayed us.
Waleed?
For money.
Whose money? Who paid him?
Behruz, who paid him?
Look.
(speaking Arabic)
Who paid you?
(grunting)
Who paid you
to do it?
Enough.
Just tell me what happened.
He'll say.
Listen.
Why did they want
to kill During?
Hmm
Why did they want
him dead?
He was helping us.
Why kill him?
(Waleed speaks Arabic)
Say it in
English!
It wasn't him.
It was the CIA woman.
She was the target.
(video stops)
Six hours
he was questioned.
Whoever paid him, he was
more afraid of them than dying.
Beirut is not safe
for you.
Someone wants you
dead.
(alarm chirps)
(starts engine)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH